Defines how quantity of products that have unitMultiplier will work (#36)
vtex-apps/product-quantity: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - `showBultAsUnit` prop to `product-quantity` and `product-summary-quantity`. Enables users to see the quantity of products affected with the unitMultiplier like units.

Reviewer: Please update this entry

> - `quantitySelectorStep` prop to `product-quantity` and `product-summary-quantity`. Enables users to see the number of products affected with the unitMultiplier like units.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `quantitySelectorStep` prop to `product-quantity` and `product-summary-quantity`. Enables users to control how each increment or decrement in quantity caused by these components is actually processed.
```

> - `quantitySelectorStep` prop to `product-quantity` and `product-summary-quantity`. Enables users to see the quantity of products affected with the unitMultiplier like units.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `quantitySelectorStep` prop to `product-quantity` and `product-summary-quantity`. Enables users to see the number of products affected with the unitMultiplier like units.
```
